\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Privacy Policy\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 This privacy policy sets out how \'91Followers & Reports For Instagram\'92 uses and protects any information that you give. when you use this applications. You will be able to login with Instagram. Here we have used Instagram authorised API and we are not collecting any of your information in this process. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 What kind of reports will show you?
\f1\b0 \
\'91Followers & Reports For Instagram\'92 is an entertainment service and we do not guarantee to give you %100 real reports. It was only designed to make you having fun. You accept that we do not guarantee to give you exact true reports by downloading and upgrading your membership.\

\f0\b Links to other websites
\f1\b0 \
Our app may contain links to other content of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our app, you should note that we do not have any control over that other content. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. \

\f0\b Controlling your permissions
\f1\b0 \
To revoke an app's access to your Instagram account, do the following:\uc0\u8232 Log in to instagram.com\u8232 Click your username and select "Edit Profile" in the drop-down menu\u8232 Click on "Manage Applications" in the side menu\u8232 Find the application you want to revoke access for in the list (you may have more than one)\u8232 Click the "Revoke Access" button in the top right corner}
